doc: Documentation edits for 2.7.99-cs1 release (#17015)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/app_dev/device_guides/working_with_nrf/nrf54h/ug_nrf54h20_architecture_pm.rst

   * - CPU
     - Powered on but suspended (not clocked).

   * - RAM
     - Banks used by the executed code are enabled.
       Other banks may be in any state.

   * - System state
     - *System ON*

   * - Peripherals
     - All can be active.
       The local peripherals are powered and preserve their state.
       The state of inactive peripherals in other domains is retained in the hardware flip-flops.

   * - Coprocessors
     - All can be active.
       The state of inactive coprocessors is retained according to their selected sleep state.

   * - System timer (based on GRTC)
     - Active

The power consumption in this state is lower than in *Active*, but higher than in other power states.
The wake-up latency is higher than in *Active*, but lower than in the other power states.
The primary sources of wake-up latency are the wake-up of the ``MRAMC`` and the startup of clock sources.
The maximum latency depends on the MRAM power state configured by the System Controller.

Local Suspend to RAM
********************

*Local Suspend to RAM* is a sleep state that balances between power consumption and wake-up latency.

This state is available only for DVFS-capable domains.

> Other domains, such as Radio, cannot retain the CPU and local peripherals in the *System ON (All) Idle* state.

Reviewer: This looks like typo.
```suggestion
Other domains, such as Radio, can retain the CPU and local peripherals in hardware flip-flops in the *System ON (All) Idle* state.
```

#########################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

The nRF54H20 SoC is a distributed system where each domain tries to achieve minimal power consumption for itself.
When all CPUs are ready to fully minimize power consumption by entering the System Off hardware state, the System Controller prepares the system and triggers the entrance in this state.

Power states
************

The nRF54H20 ARM Cortex CPUs currently support the following software power states:

* Active
* Idle
* Local suspend to Ram

In following releases on the |NCS|, support for the following power states will be added:

* Idle with cache retained in RAM
* Idle with cache disabled
* Suspend to RAM ready for System Off
* Soft Off

Overview
********

Each CPU in the nRF54H20 SoC tries to preserve as much power as possible, independently from other CPUs.
The power management subsystem, operating independently within each CPU, continuously selects the most optimal power state based on the current conditions of the CPU.

Power states details
********************

The following sections describes the details of each of the software power states available on the nRF54H20 SoC.

Active
======

> *Active* is the power state in which the CPU is actively processing.

Reviewer 2: Should the power states be made italic. I haven't see these mentioned as Italic in other docs.

Author: The problem I see is with power states having a long name like "Local suspend to Ram". Not highlighting it in some way might render sentences containing it quite difficult to read. Not necessarily they have to be in Italics, but I believe that they should be highlighted.

   * - Peripherals
     - All can be active.
       The state of all inactive peripherals is retained in the hardware flip-flops.

   * - Coprocessors
     - All can be active.
       The state of inactive coprocessors is retained according to their selected sleep state.

   * - System timer (based on GRTC)
     - Active

The power consumption in this state is lower than in *Idle*.
The wake-up latency is higher than in the *Idle* state.
The primary sources of wake-up latency are the storing and restoring of the cache state, the wake-up of ``MRAMC``, and the startup of clock sources.
The maximum latency depends on the MRAM power state configured by the System Controller.

Idle with cache disabled
------------------------

*Idle with cache disabled* is a light sleep state where the L1 caches' contents are not retained.

.. list-table::
   :widths: auto

   * - CPU
     - Powered on but not clocked.
       Its state is retained in the hardware flip-flops.

   * - RAM
     - Enabled or retained depending on the hardware state.
       RAM in caches is disabled.

   * - System state

>      - * *System ON* if at least one other CPU or a peripheral clocked > 32 kHz is active.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     - * *System ON* if at least one other CPU or a peripheral clocked greater than 32 kHz is active.
```

Idle
====

*Idle* is the lightest sleep power state available in the system where the cache content is retained.

.. list-table::
   :widths: auto

   * - CPU
     - Powered on but suspended (not clocked).

   * - RAM
     - Banks used by the executed code are enabled.
       Other banks may be in any state.

   * - System state
     - *System ON*

   * - Peripherals
     - All can be active.
       The local peripherals are powered and preserve their state.
       The state of inactive peripherals in other domains is retained in the hardware flip-flops.

   * - Coprocessors
     - All can be active.
       The state of inactive coprocessors is retained according to their selected sleep state.

   * - System timer (based on GRTC)
     - Active

The power consumption in this state is lower than in *Active*, but higher than in other power states.
The wake-up latency is higher than in *Active*, but lower than in the other power states.
The primary sources of wake-up latency are the wake-up of the ``MRAMC`` and the startup of clock sources.
The maximum latency depends on the MRAM power state configured by the System Controller.

> Idle with cache retained in RAM

Reviewer: Now that we don't list to-be-implemented states, I think we should remove them from this section
